README.md, before:

# Bookmark Viewer Extension

Bookmark Viewer is a browser extension that allows you to view and manage your bookmarks in a user-friendly interface.

<img width="453" alt="Screenshot 2025-07-08 at 7 28 30 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cf68a825-5302-4fea-879b-cc5af6d5dbc5" />


<img width="453" alt="Screenshot 2025-07-08 at 7 28 23 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/73a85fe5-4dd9-4a26-a26e-370fbdc093e9" />

<img width="452" alt="Screenshot 2025-07-08 at 5 09 43 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1ec42cd5-411d-4961-acd7-890f6090b9d9" />



## Installation Instructions

### For Google Chrome

1. Clone or download this repository to your local machine.
2. Open Google Chrome and navigate to `chrome://extensions/`.
3. Enable **Developer mode** by toggling the switch in the top-right corner.
4. Click on the **Load unpacked** button.
5. Select the folder containing the extension files (this repository).
6. The extension should now appear in your browser's toolbar.

### For Microsoft Edge

1. Clone or download this repository to your local machine.
2. Open Microsoft Edge and navigate to `edge://extensions/`.
3. Enable **Developer mode** by toggling the switch in the bottom-left corner.
4. Click on the **Load unpacked** button.
5. Select the folder containing the extension files (this repository).
6. The extension should now appear in your browser's toolbar.

## Features

- View all your bookmarks in a clean and organized interface.
- Load bookmarks directly from your browser or upload a file.
- Search and filter bookmarks easily.
- Manage bookmarks with options to clear or reload them.

## Permissions

This extension requires the following permissions:

- **Bookmarks**: To access and display your browser's bookmarks.

## Icons

The extension uses the following icons:

- `16x16`, `48x48`, and `128x128` icons located in the `icons/` folder.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

Update README.md to enhance features description for search and export functionality

README.md, after:

# Bookmark Viewer Extension

Bookmark Viewer is a browser extension that allows you to view and manage your bookmarks in a user-friendly interface.

<img width="453" alt="Screenshot 2025-07-08 at 7 28 30 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cf68a825-5302-4fea-879b-cc5af6d5dbc5" />


<img width="453" alt="Screenshot 2025-07-08 at 7 28 23 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/73a85fe5-4dd9-4a26-a26e-370fbdc093e9" />

<img width="452" alt="Screenshot 2025-07-08 at 5 09 43 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1ec42cd5-411d-4961-acd7-890f6090b9d9" />



## Installation Instructions

### For Google Chrome

1. Clone or download this repository to your local machine.
2. Open Google Chrome and navigate to `chrome://extensions/`.
3. Enable **Developer mode** by toggling the switch in the top-right corner.
4. Click on the **Load unpacked** button.
5. Select the folder containing the extension files (this repository).
6. The extension should now appear in your browser's toolbar.

### For Microsoft Edge

1. Clone or download this repository to your local machine.
2. Open Microsoft Edge and navigate to `edge://extensions/`.
3. Enable **Developer mode** by toggling the switch in the bottom-left corner.
4. Click on the **Load unpacked** button.
5. Select the folder containing the extension files (this repository).
6. The extension should now appear in your browser's toolbar.

## Features

- View all your bookmarks in a clean and organized interface.
- Load bookmarks directly from your browser or upload a file.
- Search and filter bookmarks easily with a dynamic search bar.
- Export your bookmarks to a file with a single click.
- Manage bookmarks with options to clear or reload them.

## Permissions

This extension requires the following permissions:

- **Bookmarks**: To access and display your browser's bookmarks.

## Icons

The extension uses the following icons:

- `16x16`, `48x48`, and `128x128` icons located in the `icons/` folder.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.
